Allow converting an input object array to a value object using `parseValue` (#1147)
webonyx/graphql-php: docs/type-definitions/inputs.md

## Configuration options

> The constructor of InputObjectType accepts an array with 4 options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The constructor of `InputObjectType` accepts an `array` with the following options:
```

| Option      | Type                                    | Notes                                                                                                                                           |
| ----------- | --------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| name        | `string`                                | **Required.** Unique name of this object type within Schema                                                                                     |
| fields      | `array` or `callable`                   | **Required**. An array describing object fields or callable returning such an array (see below).                                                |
| description | `string`                                | Plain-text description of this type for clients (e.g. used by [GraphiQL](https://github.com/graphql/graphiql) for auto-generated documentation) |

> | parseValue  | `callable(array<string, mixed>): mixed` | Callback to convert the array to something else (e.g. a value object)                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| parseValue  | `callable(array<string, mixed>): mixed` | Converts incoming values from their array representation to something else (e.g. a value object)                                                                           |
```

**graphql-php** will validate the input against your InputObjectType definition and pass it to your
resolver as `$args['filters']`

## Converting input object array to value object

If you want more type safety you can choose to parse the input array into a value object.

> ```php

Author: Better?

**graphql-php** will validate the input against your InputObjectType definition and pass it to your
resolver as `$args['filters']`

## Converting input object array to value object

If you want more type safety you can choose to parse the input array into a value object.

```php
use GraphQL\Type\Definition\Type;
use GraphQL\Type\Definition\InputObjectType;

final class StoryFiltersInput
{
    public string $author;
    public ?bool $popular;
    public array $tags;

    public function __construct(string $author, ?bool $popular, array $tags)
    {
        $this->author = $author;
        $this->popular = $popular;
        $this->tag = $tag;
    }
}

$filters = new InputObjectType([
    'name' => 'StoryFiltersInput',
    'fields' => [
        'author' => [
            'type' => Type::nonNull(Type::string()),
        ],
        'popular' => [
            'type' => Type::boolean(),
        ],
        'tags' => [
            'type' => Type::listOf(Type::string()),
        ]
    ],
    'parseValue' => fn(array $values) => new StoryFiltersInput(
        $values['author'],

>         $values['popular'],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        $values['popular'] ?? null,
```

>         $values['tags'] ?? []

Reviewer: Defaulting to an empty array seems quite opinionated, especially given that the argument could have an explicit default value of `[]` transparent to clients. Why shouldn't it default to `null`? Perhaps we can just make the type of tags non-nullable and avoid deciding.

    ),
]);
```

> The value of `$args['filters']` will now be an instance of `StoryFiltersInput`.

Reviewer: Perhaps we can mention how nested inputs are handled. How about the following?

The incoming values are converted using a depth-first traversal. Thus, nested input values
will be passed through their respective `parseValue` functions before the parent receives their value.
